Transfer-output-via-HTCondor (#55)
OSGConnect/connectbook: start/data/output-file-transfer-via-htcondor.md

the execute node on which the job ran. In order to get access to your output files, a copy of 
the output must be transferred back to your OSG Connect login node. 

This guide will describe the necessary steps, along with important considerations, for transferring your 
output files back to your `/home` directory on your OSG Connect login node. 

## Important Considerations

As described in the [Introduction to Data Management on OSG Connect](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000002985), 
any output <1GB should be staged in your `/home` directory. For output files >1GB, 
please refer to our [Transferring Data with StashCache](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000002775) guide.

By default, HTCondor will transfer any files that are generated during the execution of your job(s) 
back to your `/home` directory, specifically to the directory from which the `condor_submit` 
command was performed when submitting your job(s). However, this behavior only applies to files 
in the top-level directory of where your job executes, meaning HTCondor will ignore any files 

> located in subdirectories (because HTCondor ignores subdirectories when determining what needs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created in subdirectories of the job's main working directory (because HTCondor ignores subdirectories when determining what needs 
```

to be transferred after the job completes). Several options exist for modifying this default output 
file transfer behavior - to learn more please contact us at [support@osgconnect.net](mailto:support@osgconnect.net).

**If your jobs use any input files >1GB that are transferred from your `/public` directory 

> using StacheCash, it is important that these files get deleted or moved to a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using StacheCash, it is important that these files get deleted from the job's working directory or moved to a 
```

your login node. To create a compressed tar archive, include commands in your your bash executable script 
to create a new subdirectory, move all of the output to this new subdirectory, and create a tar archive. 
For example:

	#! /bin/bash
	
	# various commands needed to run your job

	# create output tar archive
	mkidr my_output
	mv my_job_output.csv my_job_output.svg my_output/
	tar -czf my_job.output.tar.gz my_ouput/

The example above will create a file called `my_job.output.tar.gz` that contains all the output that 
was moved to `my_output`. Be sure to create `my_job.output.tar.gz` in the top-level directory of where 
your job executes and HTCondor will automatically transfer this tar archive back to your `/home` 
directory.

## Select Specific Output Files To Transfer to `/home` Using HTCondor

As described above, HTCondor will, by default, transfer any files that are generated during the 
execution of your job(s) back to your `/home` directory. If your job(s) will produce multiple output 
files but you only need to retain a subset of these output files, we recommend deleting the unrequired 

> output files or moving themto a subdirectory as a step in the bash 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output files or moving them to a subdirectory as a step in the bash 
```

executable script of your job -  only the output files that remain in the top-level directory will be transferred 

> bask to your `/home` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back to your `/home` directory.
```
